today me and Kevin and the young master
Gavin are going to be trying these
hostess cupcakes these are the
strawberry these were 250 at Walmart now
I would have thought just given the
color that the pink that they would have
been out for Valentine's Day but we
never saw them but on Thursday so I'm
assuming they're new oh we're getting
Elvis he likes to give okay so these
remind me of the orange which by the way
I have bought the orange again I
absolutely love them I did not think
that I would but they have they're just
like this but they have an orange
coating and they're absolutely wonderful
I had one this morning for breakfast so
that's how they look and I will cut it
oh don't touch wait just a minute I
thought you want to get that it's
literally pink cake on the inside so I'm
not gonna give master Gavin the hard
part
I'm just gonna get yeah there's your
piece can you try it very strawberry I
like that a lot it's good it's not very
it's not as much strawberry as I thought
it would be for me even though it's a
pink cupcake the main part of the
flavoring is in that icing oh yeah just
like with the orange these are good
though
and now about these again I've been
really impressed with the hostess the
ones that have that icing on the top
just something appeals to me
the flavor was to the flavors different
than like Twinkies or Ding Dongs or
whatever but these just appealed
my the texture part of it I love that
crisp coating on the top it's thick your
teeth like that and it's just it's a
dense cake - yes and it's sugary very
sweet I like the strawberry flavor this
is not very strong
I would buy these again and alternate
between the strawberry and the orange so
I think they're good then did you like
it no go on
did you like it Gavin was it good yes
huh okay well clearly he liked it and
this was fun hopefully you all enjoyed
watching it and see you next time
say bye